UC7:                                    Cancel a Reservation
Primary Actor:		                    User
Stakeholders and Interests:		
					                    1) User: Wants to cancel a room reservation.
Preconditions:
                                        1) User is registered into the system.
                                        2) User is identified and authenticated into the system.
Postconditions (Success Guarantee):
                                        1) The existing room reservation is successfully unbooked and available for a new reservation.
                                        2) The system is updated and displays the cancelation of the reservation.

Main Success Scenario (or basic flow):
                                        1)	The user selects an existing reservation that belongs to them.
                                        2)	An option to modify the reservation is displayed by the system.
                                        3)	The user selects the "CANCEL" option.
                                        4)	The system displays a prompt message confirming that the user wants to cancel a reservation.
                                        6)	The user confirms the cancelation.
                                        7)	The system displays that the room rservation has been successfully canceled.
Extensions (or alternative flows):
                                        1)	The user selects an existing reservation that belongs to them.
                                        2)	An option to modify the reservation is displayed by the system.
                                        3)	The user selects the "CANCEL" option.
                                        4)	The system displays a prompt message confirming that the user wants to cancel a reservation.
                                        6)  The user confirms the cancelation.
                                        7)	The system displays that the modifications were not successful because the reservation start time has already passed.

Special Requirements:                   1) System Web User Interface
                                        2) Access to a computer with a modern web browser
                                    
Technology and Data Variations List:    N/A
Open Issues:                            Concurrency Issues: Multiple users that own the same reservation and attempt to cancel the reservation simultanesouly. 
					